class4 100devs


If you're reading a resource on code, you should be _ while reading


coding!
build things using what you're learning


go deep not wide:


don't spend too much time on things that aren't specifically assigned, go deep on things assigned and not hitting hella other things not specifically assigned




There's only one time you can use inline styles:


email styling;
they don't have access to external stylesheets, yet




Css needed to load styles above the scrolled area of a page. Used by Amazon


critical path css


This element lets us tell our html file where to find our css file?


link
rel="stylesheet"


This area contains the declerations of property values in a css rule?


decleration block



What is written above is overwritten below, refers to what?

the cascade


If using 2 link elements, one for a font, and one for a css file, which should come first?

the font, css needs it loaded first before it can use it


Leon said that developers stopped using this when css3 was introduced?

long-hand properties;
background vs using background-color just to apply a color,
border shorthand didn't exist and you would have had to use width style and color longhand properties



This symbol is used to select a direct descendent of another element; aka direct parent child relationship selector. Can pick multiple of the same element that are direct children of a specific element.


>


This is the parent child relationship selector, not direct; to select an element that is an ancestor of another element, eventual not direct.


space


This allows us to select a direct sibling relationship between 2 elements to style an element?

+;
if we had:
section
	p
	p
p+p = Only the second p would be selected, the second p was directly a sibling of the first p, the first p did not have a p above it in the code.


How many points of specificity do you get for inline style or !important?


1000
1-0-0-0


If you need to use !important, which you should only in critical situations, where in a decleration do you place it?


after values to a property and before closing the decleration :
color: red !important;


